Zach Sliefert Blog 1: Personal Biography

My name is Zach Sliefert and I am a sophomore from Overland Park, Kansas. I went to Blue Valley Northwest high school prior to coming to K-State. I was one of roughly eighty-five people in my graduating class to come to K-State. I began as a mechanical (nuclear) engineering major with a focus on nuclear, originally I was planning on doing nuclear fusion research in graduate school, as time went on I switched majors to physics and computer science. Over the summer of 2014 I had a research opportunity with Dr. Susan Brown out of the KSU Bioinformatics Core and I learned that research probably was not my calling. I have since then switched to only computer science and plan on graduating next year. 
I enjoy problem solving and finding ways restructure code and have it perform quicker. Computers just allow us to have exact answers in remarkable time. This is why I enjoy things such as Project Euler and Programming Challenges. 
	For past time I enjoy watching college and professional basketball as well as professional football. My favorite teams for these sports are KSU, The Chicago Bulls, and The Patriots (closely followed by the Chiefs). I also enjoy partaking in KSU’s ACM challenges. I also enjoy reading very much.
	My family has three children and my two parents. My parents have an incredibly strong relationship which I hope to have with someone one day. I have two younger siblings, a brother and a sister. My brother, Sam, and sister, Michala, used to fight often. But recently they have been improving upon not wanting to kill one another. Michala finished in the top ten in the nation last year for club volleyball and her high school team finished 3rd in state. Sam, although not as good as top ten, is a great basketball player as well as procrastinator. I have no idea who he gets that from.
	I have had three jobs in my life. In high school I mowed lawns. This made me realize that, although being able to say “I made this” or easily being able to see your progress through the day, manual labor was not for me. Since then I have had two programming jobs. One was the spring of my freshman year through mid-fall of my sophomore year. That was with the KSU Bioinformatics core, which was talked about above. The job I currently am holding is an incredible internship with Garmin International. They do a great job of training their interns and it has been an incredible experience so far.
	Post-graduation I plan on finding employment with an engineering or financial firm where I will hopefully be working on solving difficult problems.
